# GPSchedule

## Setup
This project has been tested with Xcode 10.1 on a MacOS 10.13.6

Tools needed to build and run this project

### Cocoapods
Using:
```
$ pod --version
1.6.1
```
Install: `$ sudo gem install cocoapods`

### Homebrew
Using:
```
$ brew --version
Homebrew 2.0.3
Homebrew/homebrew-core (git revision d168d; last commit 2019-03-07)
Homebrew/homebrew-cask (git revision 7896; last commit 2019-03-07)
```
Install: `/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"` 

### Sourcery
Using:
```
$ sourcery --version
0.15.0
```
Install: `brew install sourcery`

### Swiftlint
Using:
```
$ swiftlint version
0.25.1
```
Install: `brew install swiftlint`

## The backend
This project is using an [OpenMRS](https://openmrs.org/) as a backend.

OpenMRS is a patient-based medical record system focusing on giving providers a free customizable electronic medical record system (EMR).

To provide a meaningful set of data and API's for this app an OpenMRS instance was set up on the Google Cloud and the swagger file describing this API was generated. 

## Generating the API client code

This project is using an API client generated by the `swagger-codegen` tool based on the swagger file.

### Installing  SwagGen
Installing SwagGen is only neccesary when you need to generate an API client. it is **not** needed to run the code in this repo.

To install the tool go to SwagGen use Homebrew and run `brew install swagger-codegen` in your terminal.
```
$ swagger-codegen version
3.0.5
```

Next go to the directory where `openmrs.rest.swagger.json` is and run the following command:
`swagger-codegen generate -i openmrs.rest.swagger.json -l swift3 -o Generated/ -c config.json`
To generate the api client. That later can be imported into the project using cocoapods:
`  pod 'OpenMRS', :path => './GPSchedule/ApiClient/Generated/OpenMRS.podspec'`
